[Music]
ten flight attendant secrets you don't
know about a plane in the eyes of flight
attendants and a plane in the eyes of
passengers are two completely different
worlds
we often have no idea about some secrets
that the crew is hiding here are ten
tips from flight attendants on how to
get the maximum comfort in a plane pay
attention to fact number 10 doing this
you actually insult air hostesses one
you're allowed to ask for more food
haven't you ever heard about it me
neither
the food that's distributed on board an
aircraft has a short shelf life since
it's delivered pre-made all access
containers with food are immediately
discarded after the flight sometimes
these are eaten by the crew therefore if
your stomach demands more don't be
ashamed to ask the flight attendant for
another serving to check the presence of
a life vest before taking off it's
surprising but it's still a fact some
passengers steal life jackets from under
their seats as a souvenir
I can't imagine how anyone could manage
to steal such a huge thing and take it
out of the cabin but some travelers do
it by the way don't follow their example
it might lead to a fine so for safety
reasons always check your seat before
the flight to make sure the life vest is
there and not stolen by some sentimental
kleptomaniac
3 if you accidentally smoked use the
ashtrays in spite of the fact that
smoking onboard is strictly prohibited
there are ashtrays in the toilets yep
people do smoke despite the fines and
it's better they put cigarettes out in
an ashtray rather than in a try
so if you suddenly find yourself in the
lavatory with a cigarette in your hand
at least use the ashtray and then pay
fine for don't be squeamish during the
flight did you know that most airlines
only do a superficial cleanup after the
flight blankets and pillows aren't
washed just refolded food trays aren't
washed the seat trays are wipe the
carpets are clean but you cannot be sure
there wasn't a passenger in your seat
who suddenly felt sick so it's better to
use your own pillows or blankets also
don't be paranoid about cleanliness
during the flight calm down all these
bacteria won't kill you at once
five the lavatory door can be opened
from the outside flight attendants have
their keys in case a passenger is locked
in the lavatory also many aircraft have
the door lock mechanism itself installed
under the no smoking sign on the toilet
door if you raise the flap with a
cigarette image and turn the bolt the
door will open 6 be the last person to
board if you and your fellow-traveller
checked in at a different time there's a
solution just board last when all the
passengers take their seats you can
immediately see which seats are free
also the fact that the door has already
been closed behind you and there will be
no more passengers gives you the
opportunity to get any empty seat on
board 7 avoid too much alcohol
flight attendants warned that one glass
in the sky is equal to two on the ground
and it's true since altitude affects
blood in such a way that alcohol during
a flight affects you much more than on
the ground so even if you drink because
you're afraid to fly you risk becoming
too relaxed 8 avoid the bulkhead seats
remember this rule if there are
passengers with babies on board they'll
most likely take the bulkhead seats this
happens because it's easier and safer to
place a baby carrier there so if you
love cute screaming neighbors you know
which seats to choose 9 drink only
bottled water the problem of filthy
water onboard aircraft has gained a lot
of attention since the scandalous study
of the Wall Street Journal in 2002 the
number of bacteria and water samples
from 14 of the most popular airlines was
hundreds of times higher than the
established standard today's situation
hasn't changed a lot so it's better to
drink only bottled liquids on board you
should avoid tea coffee and water from
the sink 10 don't applaud at the end of
the flight in some countries passengers
give ardent applause to the pilot for
landing right on the airstrip perhaps
people are trying to express gratitude
to the crew or the joy of coming back
home but the crew may consider this
gesture insulting the flight is not a
roulette game this is their job people
who travel a lot know this and don't
clap as much
do you know other tips for the best
flight share them in the comments below
don't forget to hit the like button and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life